welcome back folks last time I get to
deal with the with some lizards and take
a picture of them now today I'm going to
do one one of the wolf's mission so here
we go and we'll introduce a new
character in this game your parents are
teaching about to cry wolf it's so dirty
war hero types are in the yellow pages
named Stu Wolff one of New York's finest
employees want my help unofficially the
order of the Dragon Tales using a
warehouse to run done in the city judge
one okay awards so I can't touch them
but I don't need more
picture okay amen let's get something
straight I don't like vigilante so you
and me we're not a team just haven't
been fighting the same back it's open
like that by the way before you take the
place apart hit some evidence picture
it'll make charges stick them please
show up to investigate mr. don't mess it
up
welcome all right you all have to send
me a mission to
take some pictures and beat be back at
them
yeah her missions are not that bad but
some some are pretty hard but so that I
can handle
this Peter lets you know how close or
far you are from the turn I know that
trying to shut up these are right that's
the sweet spot a
okay I got any closer to the dirty cops
or they are sec yeah that green thing is
is the dirty cop
I don't know if I could get close to me
oh yeah I can't get close them I just
can't lose them but yeah get a little
too close i don't want to do that so I
better slow down a bit but good looks so
I'm down way too much better look for
another one
here's why I got the merchandise
excellent
Paris now I'd beat everyone up I can't
let them get away so what
Oh little bear ignore these guys oh crap
seven loops throw out that
I f don't but oh well I can do it again
we got the merchandise is brief
Wow easy
so it should be easy
I'll take valium run gun that's right
New York experiments territory but that
was easy though I don't wonder why I
didn't do that in the first place but oh
well now let's go back to the wolf to
give her the evidence
this left actually be a short mission
and it will be a short video too good my
to be videos usually run like 8 to 10
minutes but this will be actually kind
of short
there you go
and she's out here no no house you down
here yes she is up there okay
area
hey good job on that warehouse bus
always happy to earth again by the way
that really didn't help
Oh already have thanks I'll keep that in
mind
ah ok soup yeah power super jack is
really good so I'm gonna probably go cut
it here but there's dragon tail any big
ol I'm our part to your Papa's part 3
alright next time folks I'm going to do
the dragon tail part 1 so catch you
later